%{
    "Id":"102",
	"Title": "The Last Day Galorietta - A Night with my Co-Interns",
    "Url":"the-last-day-galorietta-a-night-with-my-co-interns",
    "PubDate":"30-May-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview" : "That day's supposed to be the 'graduation' day for interns at Pfizer."
}%
That day's supposed to be the "graduation" day for interns at Pfizer. But no, it was moved to Monday. I was also included although my term of internship will end on June 11. The day's a little bit boring. The usual energetic day is gone. Don't know if it's because I'm done with my fourth project but I felt the day is passing by really slow. Not after the office hours. We have planned to do something that day. To play rock band – the ps3 game in which you'll play as a band member either as lead guitar, bass guitar, drums or vocs. The other group invited us to join them at katipunan but most of us didn't agree because it was too far for most of us. Saying. So we still don't have a plan at this point. Then the camwhoring begins! The office room was filled with laughter and flashes. Cyril, yza, jem, me (of course!), rey, emman, rea – I think that's all.

Alright, it takes about 30 minutes of camwhoring before we decided to leave the office. Rey will follow – he'll just withdraw some money. Then we left yza at the bus stop – she'll be meeting "hunny" later. Then we go. We decided to walk to glorietta because it'll be faster that way. Emman and rea went to red ribbon to prepare something for Monday and will follow us after. Then there are only three of us to look for that game – rock band. me, cy and jem who was carrying the laptop all the way so I decided to offer some help. Then we turned to rufino street (if im not mistaken) and walk, walk, walk, walk, walk until we landed to greenbelt then to landmark – cause jem's looking for restroom.

Turn 1 – glorietta…negative! Turn 2 – greenbelt…negative! Turn 3 – glorietta again…whooo and still negative. We just mall hopped and yet no rock band game! Then we decided to eat at a fast food restaurant. rea, rey and emman are texting but they will be meeting us later because they also decided to eat first. We got to meet them at north park. offered us some food – but we are already full that time …and tired. Tired already but we still haven't found the game.

We finally decided to play at time zone glorietta – wishing there is rock band game there. And no – no rock band game, just guitar hero. Oh well. Just almost the same – I gave it a try. At first it was a disaster – played expert type in leftist mode. But then at the second it was real fun. I decided to try it again some other time. We played more games, load more, played more. Then after some hours of playing like we really are kids, we "really" are tired at that time. But no – not yet. The three got something more to do – shopping.

I forgot to mention that it was midnight sale at glorietta that night. Rea, rey and emman were looking for something. I think we have visited four to five shops and ended up buying nothing. Maybe they just didn't found their stuff. Then we left. I think it was already 11 o'clock. Rea, rey, emman and jem rode a cab – they are all on the same way. CY called his dad to fetch him at shangrila. And I? I got to walk all the way to ayala station – the busses are there. Well, I'm fond of walking alone. It's not that scary. There are so many people still because of the sale. It took me 10 to 15 minutes of waiting. And success. Got home safe. Texted the guys goodnight and fell asleep. Wish we will have more time together – because I really had fun with them. Maybe a get together at UP los banos. They are already planning this one.