%{
    "Id":"104",
	"Title": "the night with my asa-adu family",
    "Url":"the-night-with-my-asa-adu-family",
    "PubDate":"04-June-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "the 15 peso movie and the groggy night"
}%
the 15 peso movie and the groggy night

it was tuesday and enrollment time at adamson university. i came at about 9am at school. get my forms cause i already paid the down payment. but hey, there are already lots of people in line. so, we got the numbers 101,102,etc. it was really tiresome and stressful. after the sizzling sissig lunch with mark, sugar and reman we went to a computer shop. after an hour, we went back to school. after hours of waiting, we were finally done. it was a nice schedule – only at school on tuesdays, wednesdays, and thursdays.

this day, me and my asa-adu family watched a 15-peso movie. yes. it was a promo at sm cinema manila. you can watch re-runs for only 10 peso plus 5 peso tax. it was me, reman, aubie, mae, miccah, kuya artee, kuya monch, bryan, elaine, sir tyler and his nephew. it was "forbidden kingdom". at least i haven't watched this movie yet. after that, we went at the lobby to do a very important thing – camwhoring. i thought it was going to end that way but no, we went to the beergarden at intramuros to…well…to drink. we bought chips then went to the place.

its me, kuya monch, kuya artee, reman, aubie, mae and bryan.
such a long night with parokya ni edgar and opm rock bands in the background….speakers. got to finish this off later. i currently shadowing the site engineer here at the office. bye bye.