%{
    "Id":"105",
	"Title": "i know what i did last friday",
    "Url":"i-know-what-i-did-last-friday",
    "PubDate":"08-June-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "The traffic jam's so sweet. 'Hatid sundo ako ng traffic'."
}%
I know what I did last Friday. The traffic jam's so sweet. "Hatid sundo ako ng traffic". That's what I said to myself when i was on my way home last friday. The rain made the traffic jam. I really love the rain. I love it when it's cool. I love it when the roads are wet. I love seeing someone slipped. I love the rain but not the traffic. It got me almost two hours from Ayala Avenue to Baclaran. And from Baclaran, I decided to take an alternative route to avoid the traffic along Roxas Boulevard – Coastal road area. I got on the foot bridge that was already flooded. Street kids put stepping stones on the foot bridge literally. I am really hungry by this time. So I dropped by a restaurant and have my dinner. Chow! Chow! Chow! Burp!

After that re-energizing dinner, I got on a jeepney which I waited for about thirty long minutes because it won't be taking more than two seconds to find one on regular days. I thought it was the best idea to ride a jeep during that time but no – it is not. So after a short ride that took me around thirty minutes just by passing two street corners, I finally decided to walk the way home.

This is the time when my feet are faster than the wheels of automobiles. Then after a long walk I was finally home. I ate late dinner – again. That is how really tired I am. Just fixed myself then got really sleepy then fell asleep.

I know what I did last Friday but also last Saturday. Well, it was a regular Saturday. What's different for the day is that I read Death Note manga for the first time. I already watched the live action movie and it was good. I finished half of the entire volume. So that's six out of twelve volumes from morning till the afternoon. Whoala – instant death note fanatic. To tell you the truth, now I want a copy of the death note and those eyes of death. At night, it was a Saturday horror movie trip with my brothers and sisters. Pretty bored with the movie though.

I know what I did last Friday and Saturday and of course, today's Sunday so why not write about today? This morning I felt the excitement of going to school again even though I already told some of my friends that I don't want to go to school anymore – I really want to work already. So, I decided to go to national bookstore and buy some school stuffs. So I bought a planner, fillers, a notebook and a pen. That's it. That's all I need to survive school this semester. Maybe I should add the books (physical and e-books) and handouts and some URLs.

I will survive the second to the last semester of my school life. I saw a book at booksale that caught my interest so I bought it. Bought a cake for my twin brothers' birthday tomorrow then got home. Watched DVDs again. Edited my slides for tomorrow's mock presentation and my final presentation on Tuesday, wrote this blog, washed up, said good luck to those who will be joining the Leadership Training at Caliray tomorrow till Wednesday ('cause I will not be joining this year).
But hey, I am still reading the book.

Maybe I'll sleep late again tonight or rather tomorrow?