%{
    "Id":"106",
	"Title": "pesteng summer ‘to pero maganda (translation: i hate this beautiful summer )",
    "Url":"pesteng-summer-to-pero-maganda-translation-i-hate-this-beautiful-summer",
    "PubDate":"15-June-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "Well as for now I'm gonna hear the saddest songs and sit along and wonder how you are making out."
}%
"Well as for now I'm gonna hear the saddest songs and sit along and wonder how you are making out. And as for me I wish I was anywhere with anyone making out." – Dashboard Confessionals.

Summer 2009 has ended. People. Places. Things. Miss them I will.
OJT Hunt. SPI interview. Makatic CBD adventure: one day with Aubie; another day with Murphy – rain poured down really hard. Pfizer internview with the QAPD manager-success at last. Credits goes to Bel. Thanks.

Pfizer internship. SSS number applicaiton. Unforgettable people. Different people from different schools – UP Diliman, UP Los Banos, Ateneo, La Salle, UP Manila, PUP, UST and AdU. Only some I get along with. My mentor and colleagues. Projects. Four Projects. MS Access project. Database Systems. SharePoint. Makati Med CyberCafe. Outlook e-mails.

Communicator chats. Afterlunch bondings. Project presentation with the bosses. Lunch with my co-interns. Starbucks area. Coffee breaks and meriendas. Tower hopping. LKG tower. The "M"'s at Tropical hut. Mini stop sundae laugh trip. Lunch-out with the bosses and fellow interns at the 8th floor. Dinners with co-interns. The mistaken high-rise elevator. 32nd floor and etc BlackBerry deployment. Business Technology people. Hewlett Packard people. Practice at Rea's condo unit. Last day galorietta. Camwhoring while camwhoring. Rock Band hunt. Mall hopping. Greenbelt. Glorietta. Landmark. Guitarhero. Bonding moments. Pfizer Interns' Graduation. First and second paychecks. The Innovation Award. Rustans' GC. Pfizer made it.

Integ summer swimming. Reunion. Joyride. Batangas. Laguna. Pansol Resort hunt. La Vista Pansol. Camwhoring. The Bar etc. Nathan's break-up party. The Bar etc again.

Movies: Death Note live action, The Coffin, The Poltergeist, The Grudge 3, Book of Blood, Final Destination, The 15 peso movie trip with my ASA-AdU family – Forbidden Kingdom, Angels and Demons. Can't wait to watch Transformers 2 – Revenge of the Fallen.

Books: Bob Ong's Kapitan Sino, Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code, Tom Clancy's Bio-Strike My top 3 bookstores: Booksale, National Bookstore, Recto (LOL)

Playlist: Dashboard Confessionals, Hawthorne Heights, Silverstein, Urbandub

Manga: Death Note, Naruto, Hunter X Hunter, Shaman King, dotHack-Link
Busses: Phil Corinthian Liner, JMK Transport, Mayamy Trans, Barkat Transport, Jackpherlyn Transport, Nuestra Sra Del Carmen, AC Trans, MLI, Pamana Transport, Marlea, ESDR. I remembered all of them don't ask how.
5th year 1st Sem here I come.

"Invitation only grand farewells. Crash the best one of the best ones." -Dashboard Confessionals