%{
    "Id":"107",
	"Title": "june.2009 – angels and demons and chacha",
    "Url":"june-2009-angels-and-demons-and-chacha",
    "PubDate":"25-June-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "and though i tried my best to make it beautiful and true i can never make a love song as beautiful as you."
}%
> and though i tried my best to make it beautiful and true i can never make a love song as beautiful as you."
-how to make a love song, parokya ni edgar

june 15
attended meeting for the socio-civic council. applied for laking national card. will check on the 30th if already available. LNC will allow you to get points convertible to e-purse, have discounts and freebies. goodness i am always late in these kind of stuffs.

june 16
start of my class at 2pm ends at 9:30pm. the excitement of going to classes is gone. maybe im just too old enough for that. looking forward to better professors. but as always – you cant have all the best stuffs.

june 17
watched golden compass with mark, sugar and naira. videoke at world of fun. eat while standing – the guard won't allow us in the food court area. screaming infidelities. stupid! ahaha.

june 19
visited pfizer for my certificate of completion. but i was informed that sir jas (the divison manager of LCI) want to have my internship extended but is still under consideration. hope they will approve that one.

june 20
attended microsoft event seminar – windows 7 loadfest. i got a windows 7 RC dvd but i don't have a machine capable of testing this one (poor me). meeting with jpcs-adu at glorietta. was informed that adamson university will be postponing classes until june 29 because of a(h1n1) virus. lesson for the day: LOADFEST = FREE INSTALLATION

june 21
happy fathers' day! an announcement: adamson university will resume classes on june 25 (no more long vacations). watched baki the grappler – one of my favorite anime.

june 22
reported at pfizer for my last day. more wish list from my mentors hehehe. am i going to be extended? hope so. got some cool gifts from my mentors fe,edsel,lida,dianne and loren. thanks guys. installed microsoft virtual pc 2007 on my celeron laptop and it works. i now have a windows 2000 server that can run on top of my windows xp machine.

june 23
rained in the afternoon. happy birthday risa and ate jhen. continued reading deathnote manga. just as intellectual as ever. hate to read raito's lines – they are soooo long. just like those explanations and lectures you can find at HunterXHunter manga series.

june 24
hey today's the showing of transformers 2: revenge of the fallen. but i will not watch until july. will not tell you why.
during the month i have read sidney sheldon's "nothing lasts forever". its about the three female doctors and a question of murder or euthanasia. cool. thrilling. a must to read.

also, james patterson's "maximum ride: the angel experiement" was a good book too. hope i can read all the books from the maximum ride series. a film adaptation will be release on 2010. go max. i'm even considering other j.patterson series as well – daniel x and the witch and wizard.
might be wondering about the title. i got it from an episode of going bulilit where they featured chacha. the child on the commercial of camella homes. bulilit bulilit sanay sa masikip. hahaha.

> "i wish my life was this song cause songs they never die…please stay sweet my dear don't hate me now."
-the last song ever, secondhand serendade