%{
    "Id":"108",
	"Title": "its been a year since she told me something i don’t wanna hear again for the rest of my life",
    "Url":"its-been-a-year-since-she-told-me-something-i-dont-wanna-hear-again-for-the-rest-of-my-life",
    "PubDate":"26-June-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "its been a year since she told me something i don’t wanna hear again for the rest of my life"
}%
its been a year since she told me something i don’t wanna hear again for the rest of my life

# the kimerran logs - its been a year since she told me something i don’t wanna hear again for the rest of my life

well it would be my first time to blog about something i feel and not about something i do or did. its already more than a year since i have been single. and a lot of things has changed since then. but to tell you honestly, sometimes i just feel alone and sad. and sometimes i cant help but to be jealous of couples i see during these past months. but on the bright side of it, i have discovered that there is so much to life than keeping yourself confined on those memories and thoughts.

maybe i cannot still understand the process of it. making and breaking, do's and dont's, yes and no, and other stuffs everybody should know when engaging in a relationship. maybe there should be like a gamefaqs for it or something. or maybe i have already understood the process. i think for that time i have matured more. im only twenty but i already feel the responsibility i will have after my graduation for i am the eldest of six siblings. of course, sooner or later im going to help my father to be the breadwinner of the family.

i posted on my social-network sites that i am a dreamer. definitely i am someone who has a lot of dreams for the next five to ten years. and it makes me sad that there is not yet that someone special to whom i can share my dreams. i want to have a better life. i want to live life just like anybody wanted their life to be spent. i want to live a worry-free life. although that's impossible you know. i just want to have a life better than what im having right now.

the need for inspiration. the need for someone you can have when you have problems you can't share to your family or even your friends. the need for a best friend. the need for the other side of you. the need for someone who can change you – for good. do i really need it? well, yes of course. but is it time? i don't know.

do i believe in single blessedness? that is not the issue here. so many people had told me that you should not look for love cause it will definitely find its way unto you. it will be there before you even knew it was already there.

well im still lucky you know. i got a lot of friends in different groups. i have my ever loving family. but still i feel that there is something missing. moodswings? yes. sometimes i dont care if im alone but a lot of times it just breaks my momentum. tired of being alone. tired of writing sad songs. tired of blogging something like this.

i will definitely find you. hope you find me too. have i met you before? will i met you someday? will i have the chance to win back those broken chains? will we meet again? will you allow yourself to discover the real in me? will you see me? or will you just leave me again when you ain't feeling the same anymore – the every excuse they are using every now and then. darn it. emo. end.

"i'm so tired of being all alone and this solitary moment makes me want to come back home" -secondhand serenade

### Share and Enjoy

* * *

* * *  