%{
    "Id":"113",
	"Title": "Borateam Loves Touch",
    "Url":"borateam-loves-touch",
    "PubDate":"12-August-2009",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "You ever wonder what is Borateam? It started during our third year when our professor"
}%
You ever wonder what is Borateam? It started during our third year when our professor Engr. Peruda gave us a final project. It is a circuit that will be run through an assembly program. Of course, we thought it was very hard but it was not. The original group members were me, Sugar, Mark and Jhoie. It was holy week when we did our project. It took us a week to finalize it although the finished product took me only hours. It was because we tried to layout it on a PCB but we failed – no luck for first timers I suppose. Just a hint, we got a 100 grade for that project. Borateam was born then.

Well, after two years, here we are at our terminal stage. For other courses they call it thesis while on Computer Engineering it is called Design Project. This is one of the much awaited part in our college life. We have to finish it on or before January so that we can be part of the Exhibitors who will have the chance to show fellow Adamsonians, people from outside the University such as other students from different schools and media as well. It's a dream to be part of the Exhibitors but we should focus on finishing the project first.

Due to some reasons, Borateam has new members: Emil and Jeff. Groupings should be all-male or all-female so we have no more Jhoie in our group.

So, what do we have for our Design Project? I don't know either how do we came up with the ideas but we have three approved proposals – not bad eh? We have "table touch interface", "hover craft surveillance mobot" and a "dancing radio" but we have to choose one so the team decided to focus on the "table touch interface".

This idea came up when we attended a seminar about Windows 7. There we saw how the speaker created an interface from a webcam and a glass to act as a touchscreen so that he can access Windows 7′s touch capabilities.

I still don't know how we can have the same interface plus its applications for our project to be more meaningful – 'cause having a simple touch table would only mean nothing to our professors. As of the moment we are busy creating Chapters 1,2 and 3 of our design while we study how Windows 7 deals with touch commands, some programming languages such as C++ .net and a lot of bondings and recreation activities such as WOF, Quantum and DoTA. LOL.