%{
    "Id":"120",
	"Title": "it's my first step",
    "Url":"its-my-first-step",
    "PubDate":"30-May-2010",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "its almost june. almost 2 months since i started working for narra."
}%
its almost june. almost 2 months since i started working for narra. anyway let me enumerate a lot of things that went on a little makeover.

to start with, i have learned two new programming languages which i never heard of – perl and tcl. we had a three day training of perl, tcl, stc and networking. after that we are already engaged to real work.

during the training i was thinking of giving up. but hell no, i didn't. i just realized that this could be the way i could reach my dreams. my dreams of being one of the best in the world.
at first i thought we are just a small company. yes we are small in terms of number but not in terms of who are we dealing with. we are aiming to put philippines in the technology map of the world – now that's big isn't it?

now, i'm joining the first batch of trainees for networking. we are tackling not just the basics of computer networking but an in-depth learning of the ins and outs of it. we're using ccna study guide 5th edition book plus ccie routing tcp/ip.

i'm also excited when one of our mentors mentioned that the training includes next level programming with c language (memory handling, etc.). plus we are going to make our own routers. so, must say i should focus on this training.

financially speaking, the salary is not high but the training im having right now really make up for that. plus i have the opportunity to play with a LOT of cisco routers and switch that other companies could not offer. or you must pay training firms just to get a hold of one.
i also begin reading books (well e-books) about mcse. i also dream of becoming one.

off the topic. jacq and i are on the process of building a t-shirt printing business. hope this stuff materialize and make profits. this will be my first ever business.

want to start saving for my cyber cafe business. but the capital for that is really big and will take long before i can save that much.

target for now: ccna for 2011. mcse for 2012. wish me luck. =)