%{
    "Id":"138",
	"Title": "satisfaction is not my stuff, contentment is",
    "Url":"satisfaction-is-not-my-stuff-contentment-is",
    "PubDate":"3-August-2010",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "saturday. went to office for a meeting. big boss discussed the upcoming project"
}%
saturday. went to office for a meeting. big boss discussed the upcoming project and i am one of the leads here. im going to lead the juniper team. we ate pizza. i guess that was his favorite food. when boss is in the phils, we always eat pizza. unexpectedly, the rain pours down on us. we are actually meeting at paco park. then aafter wishing that the rain would stop, we actually decided to go back to buendia office. 

rode a taxi with some of my officemates. i actually went inside the office, but i have to go since there is someone i have to meet later that afternoon. the jeepney ride to sm manila was not one of the best decisions i made. it really took me almost an hour when it would have been minutes in lrt. 

well, anyway i love the rain and i feel happier seeing it when im inside a jeep than in an lrt. weird again. and so, i arrive at sm manila. see some books. read some. went to cyberzone. look for some new gadgets. looked for current prices. sit for a while. stand. sit again. while texting mj if where is she already. then decided to kill some time and read readers digest. thank god i brought that thing. and so, she texted she was close. and i went to nbs thinking of a "who finds who first wins". she saw me first. reading this "home inventions" book. then went off to find her but she was already reading that book. 

she talked, i listened begins. honestly, she really is a good talker and has strong legs. O_o. What I want to do that time is to watch Inception with her. But, she don't like watching with me alone, so she called up some of her friends to watch with us. we rode a bus. she showed me some pictures and some korean lectures and quizzes.

[continuation-added aug05]

then we fetched vanessa from her dorm. rode a jeep. rode lrt2. araneta cubao. we waited by the food court for annie. had a little chat. they often tease me about my silenceness (is there such a word?). and so annie came but we decided not to pursue the movie trip. but instead we ate at kfc. and i know, they really missed each other. XD. 

after we had our dinner, we went to drink some booze at seaside isle. with this classical music and me listening to their stories made my night. i had fun being silent imagining their experiences together. i remembered my high school days since some stuffs are almost similar. that time in life really is the most adventurous for me. you try almost everything you are forbidden to do so. and the bottles went empty. decided to go home by this time. mj has a curfew. rode a bus to sucat. and i listened, while she told me about their story. i can't help but be sad on some things that i won't mention here. i just don't want a girl being sad. and i listening to her really brokes my heart. 

this girl becomes special to me already. i wish i can do something to make her feel better. but i guess that being there waiting for her to finish was the only thing i can do for her. at some point, i was jealous. and it was weird. maybe until now, i don't know myself. maybe i was just really emotional but i don't accept it. im sensitive. but i am hard to understand. and so we took off at sucat area. rode a jeep, bid farewells.

(TO BE FINISHED)