%{
    "Id":"139",
	"Title": "2010 before 2011.",
    "Url":"2010-before-2011",
    "PubDate":"1-January-2011",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "and i was not able to write my last post for 2010."
}%
and i was not able to write my last post for 2010. happy new year. happy new life. happy new love. happy new work. happy new 2011.

let's summarize my 2010. with the help of my 2010 planner. here are the highlights of my 2010. =)

january – february 2010. not so much. so very busy with our design project during these months. successfully finished on time. and luckily we've been part of the "exhibitors" – part of the cpe foundation day exhibit. we entertained guests and visitors from our school, other school and even from other regions in the country.

march 2010. recognition day (20th). awarded as top 2 from our batch. exhibitors and project presentors are awarded too. recollection, meeting at cpe department and sendoff party (24th). GRADUATION DAY (30th). graduated cum laude.

april 2010. my job at narrasystems started. 1st interview (7th). 2nd interview (8th). and got hired on the 9th of april. software development engineer. training started immediately from 9th until 11th. ignored other job exams and interviews. offered 10,000 pesos salary per month. karen's been assigned to be my buddy. worked with fcoe testcase. ASA-AdU Summer Reunion @ Volet's Resort, Cavite (25th). been assigned also to do qa testing.

may 2010. new day shift sched 10am-7pm. worked at nightshift. onpath scripting. electrical failures at tru.

june 2010. watched prince of persia with ritsuko. lost mt nokia 3110c (16th). big boss is back (24th).

july 2010. bought "the lightning thief" (10th).  typhoon "basyang" hits manila. bought "sea of monsters" and watched sorcerer's apprentice with ritsuko at rob manila (16th). been to narrasystems staff house and worked at a computer shop (22nd).  downloaded and started cbtnuggets (23rd). went to megamall to buy eraser and pen (24th). met mj, van and angie and ate at kfc and seafood isle (31st).

august 2010. birthday celebration – me,reman and des vs 2 strawberry vodkas (1st). went to sm manila. watched inception with naira. mcfloat and cheeseburger (2nd). watched "i love you philip morris" with driszien (4th). bought percy jackson books 3 and 4 @ powerbooks moa – 20% discount. (15th).

september 2010. bought a class a battery for nokia 6030 worth 350 pesos. went to moa with annie and her friend. zagu treat (18th). should i go to mannasoft? (20th).

october 2010. bought 500gb wd caviar blue. and ballpen (2nd). month 6 at narra (9th). last day at narrasystems (18th). exam at chase tech (27th). interview at chase tech. offered jr. tech. engr. @ 12k/mo (28th). passed resume to hp by timo (30th).

november 2010. interviewed at BDO (4th). exam, initial and second interview at spi global (5th). interviewed at 247customer – HR + manager’s customer (8th). initial interview at hp by bernard rodriguez (11th). returned books to narra (15th). went to adamson to get tor and alumni id and ate at kfc and videoke with trisha <3 (18th). panel interview at hp by chief and allan (22nd). job offer at hp – ITO Service Delivery Consultant (24th). applied for nbi clearance (25th).  drugtest and medical exam. meet with reman for books and paotsin with trisha (26th). me and trish <3 (28th).

december 2010. got my nbi clearance and applied for atm at bpi (1st). passed requirements @ RSC. got my ATM. borrowed money from trish. (2nd). hp start – neo (new employee onboarding) at two world square (3rd). trisha’s home (4th). ITO onboarding (7th – 13th). first day at wps apj (14th). xmas dinner at little asia venice at piazza (17th). started NA shift (21st). xmas reunion with asa-adu (27th). first monthsary at moa (28th).

next blog: goals for 2011. =)
