%{
    "Id":"140",
	"Title": "coffee and lucky me supreme",
    "Url":"coffee-and-lucky-me-supreme",
    "PubDate":"3-March-2011",
	"Tags": ["personal"],
	"Preview": "what a weird title for a post"
}%
"coffee and lucky me supreme" – what a weird title for a post

here i am having my breakfast before i sleep. and blogging. been months since my last post. don't know what to write.

anyways. january and february's been good to me. at least, better. work's good. busy most of the times. so many things to do. patch management – that's what our team does. and i am contented with the company i am with now. way better than my previous one in ways. i can sleep better (though, there are still times i sleep late). i give bigger amount to my parents now. i applied for another bill – that's my postpaid line. and i upgraded my dsl line too. so i can download more movies! yes! i almost forgot. bought my 18 inch led screen. goodbye crt. may you rest in peace! trivia: 95-98% of the amount was bought using gc's.

happy. with trisha of course! the first one to introduce to my family, and hopefully the last. my motivation. my inspiration. my love. one of the reasons why i smile.

hey. wait. ragnarok online – no more. grand chase – yes! online game / bonding with my siblings. spent couple of hundreds for this one. just to buy that necklaces. and as gifts for my siblings.

this is another non-sense post. well, i am a bit sleepy right now. but have to wait til that lucky me supreme is cooked.

hey hey! windows 7 SP1 still downloading. but ready for download [here][1] (note: only genuine users can download from that link. if not, download somewhere else) XD

so. bye for now. have to eat sleep!


[1]: http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=c3202ce6-4056-4059-8a1b-3a9b77cdfdda
