%{
    "Id":"251",
    "Title": "minor change of plans",
    "Url":"minor-change-of-plans",
    "PubDate":"the-#-kimerran",
    "Tags": ["personal"],
    "Preview": "",
}%
[Source](http://markhughneri.com/blog/733/minor-change-of-plans/ "Permalink to the kimerran logs - Minor Change of Plans")

# the kimerran logs - Minor Change of Plans

published: Mar 23, 2013

Don't you dare store a lot of files across thousands of directories on your SHARED hosting account. So, I already created a backup of my FOR REMOVAL sites… Those sites that are mistakenly created and snatched me some money from my wallet. Anyway that's a bit big and with my current internet connection speed – I cannot download it … yet.

Anyway, I am thinking of creating another site – internetgizmo.com – about web development and SEO. I am thinking if the competition is quiet high or should I do this out of hobby? Probably the 2nd answer might do since that is the real long-term goal for authority sites.

Minor change of plans

1\. Focus on MG first. I want to see it catching up some $$$ first before I go to the next $i$igbytes and MFI – which is basically an experiment on micro-nice/SEO.

2\. I MIGHT buy internetgizmo.com before someone else does (cause I might have the .net again)

3\. Improve SB and MFI on low priority. At least edit and add 1 article per WEEK! for both sites.

4\. Klasmeyt.COM might not push through yet.

5\. Likja.COM will be a waste of money for now. So NO.

 

Here's a FREEBIE:

If you want a trial of BLUEHOST DEDICATED SERVER, just go to [this link][1] and enter this code:

Invitation Code: BHDB37RXV464S29YNC8R

 

### Share and Enjoy

* * *

* * *

[1]: https://www.bluehost.com/cgi/dedicatedbeta?promotion_code=BHDB37RXV464S29YNC8R
