%{
    "Id":"310",
    "Title": "KimeBlog on Alpha",
    "Url":"kimeblog-on-alpha",
    "PubDate":"21-May-2014",
	"Tags": ["code"],
	"Preview": "It's about 5 years since I started writing a post on the internet"
}%
It's about 5 years since [I started writing a post on the internet][1] or what we know today as web log or blog. The contents of which came from different topics, ideas, poems, songs or quotes or even random photos taken from a low-resolution camera.

Even though my personal web space is becoming more 'professional', I decided not to delete any of those 'emo' articles or rants because that is me.

Trivia: Did you know that this blog have been [renovated for n times][2]?


## kimeblog is now on alpha
Last year I started to shift from desktop development to web development. And during these months I try to learn as much as I can. First, ASP.NET web forms and then later I studied the much newer ASP.NET MVC. I write, write and write 'test' projects to practice and learn. Proud to say that these days, I am confident enough to build my own blogging application using ASP.NET MVC.

This simple blogging application is inspired by Jekyll. This blog make use of markdown documents to serve content. There's no backend database. Listing is provided by a .json file which is currently updated manually.

You can even check the source code of this blog on [github](https://github.com/kimerran/kimerran-blog). 

## interested on this blogging app?
Here are some of my plans if people would be interested on developing with me

- Re-factor code
- Implement dependency injection / make it extensible
- Search engine optimization
- Tooling. Built-in editor and all.json updater

[1]: /b/101/
[2]: /b/257
[3]: http://github.com/kimerran